Hi there,

8tracks explored uncharted territory in 2016.

Historically, only wealthy individuals and venture capital firms have been allowed to invest in startups. In June, 8tracks became one of the first companies to change that by kicking off an "equity crowdfunding" campaign, allowing our DJs and listeners to own stock in the company.

Over $2 million raised from 4,400+ investors


The community has rallied behind us, with more than 4,400 investors collectively investing over $2 million. The funding will help us make 8tracks better for listeners and DJs alike, bring 8tracks to new markets and new platforms (Amazon Echo, Google Home, Sonos and more), and allow us to build a healthy business to serve our community for years to come.

This Friday, our crowdfunding campaign will come to an end on SeedInvest. If you haven’t yet invested (or if you’d like to invest more), you’re invited to join us here before the round closes on October 21.

As a token of our gratitude, we're giving all investors at least one free year of 8tracks+ (our premium, ad-free 8tracks experience).

Secure your investment spot before Friday


Secure shares before October 21


We made 8tracks to highlight the dedication and talent of people who care about music and love to share it with others. Since our launch on August 8, 2008, the community has grown to over 17 million registered users, with 5 million people visiting each month to enjoy over 2.4 million handcrafted playlists. These numbers are a testimony to the strength of a community brought together by music.

I’ve included more news and information about our crowdfunding campaign below. Thank you for being a part of our journey!

-David Porter
CEO & Founder, 8tracks


VIDEO: 8TRACKS INVESTOR PRESENTATION
David Porter presents to investors

IN THE NEWS
‘8tracks Secures Over $2.1M As SeedInvest Campaign Nears Closing Date’
Crowdfund Insider: 8tracks Secures Over $2.1M As SeedInvest Campaign Nears Closing Date


‘Why Millennial Music Platform 8tracks Launched $11M Equity Crowdfunding’
Forbes: Why Millennial Music Platform 8tracks Launched $11M Equity Crowdfunding


‘8tracks & the Power of Crowdfunding: Rebels Among Music Streaming Titans’
SF Station: 8tracks & the Power of Crowdfunding: Rebels Among Music Streaming Titans’

Claim your shares before the 21st


INVESTORS #BACK8TRACKS BECAUSE...

“I love how the 8tracks platform works, so it’s exciting to be able to personally invest in something that I believe in and literally use every. Single. Day.”
- Natalia Karvelis | Rocklin, CA

“It's a fantastic concept and I'm really glad I was able to have the opportunity to help build upon an already solid foundation."
- Yency Garcia | Hialeah, FL

“It's the best way to give 'power to the people'. It allows anyone to share music in a free and fair manner, and for any reason. Want to make a special mix for a friend who lives 1000 miles away? 8tracks. Want to make a mix for an obscure cartoon from the 80s that still gives you nostalgic feels? 8tracks. A mix inspired by your favorite color, season, movie, book, whatever? 8TRACKS! It's an absolutely wonderful medium to share music and to discover music. It's like a highly personalized version of internet radio. :)”
- Kelly Keenan | Ridgewood, NJ

“The community is second to none. Friendships are formed. New music is constantly introduced and discovered. The 8tracks' team is an approachable and receptive bunch of folks who go out of their way to provide the best experience for their listeners and DJs.”
- Patrick Quigley | Arcadia, CA

“I #back8tracks because it is the absolute best way to hear new music, old music, amazing music and to be in it with amazing people who love to make mixes. And most of all because it is FUN ❣❣❣ ♫♫♫”
- Danna Franzen | Peoria AZ

HAVE ANY QUESTIONS?
SAY HI HERE

Become an illustrious 8tracks investor


High fives,
-Your friends at 8tracks



Get 8tracks for iOS Get 8tracks for Android

UNSUBSCRIBE FROM 8TRACKS NEWS
© 8tracks, Inc. (the “Company”) is offering securities through the use of an Offering Statement that has been qualified by the Securities and Exchange Commission under Tier II of Regulation A. A copy of the Final Offering Circular that forms a part of the Offering Statement may be obtained from www.seedinvest.com/8tracks/series.a. This Company’s profile and accompanying offering materials may contain forward-looking statements and information relating to, among other things, the Company, its business plan and strategy, and its industry. These statements reflect management’s current views with respect to future events based information currently available and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements as they are meant for illustrative purposes and they do not represent guarantees of future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements, all of which cannot be made. Moreover, no person nor any other person or entity assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of forward-looking statements, and is under no duty to update any such statements to conform them to actual results. 8tracks reserves the right to revise the round closing date at any point. The individuals above were not compensated in exchange for their testimonials. In addition, their testimonials should not be construed as and/or considered investment advice.
